In the past, clinicians managed
their own expendable inventory.
In other words, they purchased, received,
put away, stored, and managed supplies.
This took precious time away from their main priority:
to focus on patient care.
As a result, supplies were overstocked,
funds ran out quickly,
supplies expired from not being used,
and most importantly, time was taken away
from the patient to focus on an administrative duty.
When this issue was identified,
logistics took over the support and management
of the supply chain duties so that the clinicians'
focus could return to the patient.
Logistics communicates with clinicians
to gauge needs and address any changes
so as not to interrupt patient care.
As a result, clinicians can focus on patients
and know that they will get what they need
when they need it.